* Quantum checkers rules

** Intro

Quantum checkers is the extention of the regular checkers in which an
individual piece (or man as it's sometimes called) behaves like a quantum
objects. Two basic assumptions apply

1. When touched, a piece moves in all possible ways it can
2. One cannot tell one piece from another of the same color

** What's shown on the board

On the board not real pieces, but the probabilities of them to be in cells
are shown, according to all the moves that have been done before.

** Moving

When playing one doesn't move pieces, instead it picks a cell from which
he'd like to move a piece provided if it's there. Once picked, the cell is 
examined by the program to get the probability of a piece to be there.

*** Examining the cell

If the probability of a piece to be in the picked cell is 1, the piece is
considered to be there and it's moved (see below)

If the probability is zero the piece is not there and the player is asked
to pick another cell.

If the probabity is between 0 and 1 the program needs to "measure" the cell
to find out whether there's a piece or not.

When measuring a cell the program rolls the dice and decides whether the
piece is there or not. After this the state of the board is updated to only
reflect the combinations of moves that could lead to the cell state that
has just been measured.

*** Actually moving the piece

When making a move a piece takes all the moves that are possible according
to the chosen rule set (you can play russian or english quantum checkers)
and happens to be in a superposition of all of them with equal probability.
The probabilities shown on the board are updated respectively.

** Conflicts

There are situations when your piece cannot move for some reason. E.g.
when it's locked between other pieces or when there's another piece that
can capture the peer (checkers rules say that you cannot refuse capturing).

As we're playing the quantum checkers this situation may happen with some
probability, i.e. -- while doing previous moves you might have happened
in a locked situation, but as well might have not.

*** Resolving conflicts

Same as with deciding whether the piece is in a cell, the conflict probability
enters the game.

When the piece is locked with probability 1, the player is not allowed ot 
move at all, just in any classical checkers.

When it's locked with probability 0, the piece just  moves as described above.

But when this probability is between 0 and 1 the program may take another 
(remember -- the cell could have just been measured for the piece in it)
"measurement" and checks whether there's a conflict or not.

** Winning the game

Winning (or losing) in quantum checkers is also probabilistic, as while
capturing pieces pleyers don't know exactly whether he's captured or not
untill the relevant measurement happens.

So during the game the program evaluates the probability for each player
to win.

While it's 0 the game goes on, but once it grows the respective player
is immediately won and the peer is lost, but, there are two types of 
this ending in quantum checkers -- classic won/lose and the quantum one.

The former one happens when the probability of the event is 1, which means
that the situation on the board means "game over" in all the potential
positions it can happen in. The latter one means, that possibly the game
can go on, but once a measurement happens one of the players will be declared
as winner and the other one as loser. Not to make win/lose decesion depend
on a chance, the game stops and the quantum win/lose is declared.
